###The Dark Diary - Entry 1

**Nov 1, 2025**

This diary is a testament to my life.  That somewhere inside this demon body of mine reside the remnants of a human soul.  I write here to keep my brittle sanity from shattering.  There isn’t much left to my humanity.  I pray that I can hold on long enough to atone for some of the treacherous sins I have committed these past few weeks.

I don’t remember much before the turning.  I was a biologist, a scientist of sorts, something along those lines.  I know I valued my own intelligence above all else.  It’s funny; I can barely remember my name now.  It doesn’t matter.  We have no names; names are for humans, for *fleshlings*.  Still, I am better off than some.  Many have lost their minds entirely, their will obedient only to the call of the master.  Not that I can resist his call, but I am, at least, aware of it.  I still maintain the faculties of my mind.  Sometimes.

It is difficult to recall some nights.  My mind is always sharper after a feasting and my memory more vivid. Do you know what it is like to like to rip a fleshling apart with your bare hands and eat them piece by piece while they scream out in horror and agony?  Do you know what it is like to hate yourself for enjoying it so much?

We call them fleshlings because those of us who remember what we are must dull the edge.  They are, in truth, humans.  The same humans we once were; the same people we once chatted with and loved.  But knowing the truth is too hard.  So we trick ourselves.  ‘They are just weak fleshlings’, we say.  Food. The same as elk or deer: something to be hunted, something... to be slaughtered.

There isn’t much of a choice, though.  When the master calls, we obey.  When he says, “kill”, we kill.  There is no option for disobedience.  My body moves when it is called, my mind lurches from its recession and I go.  And so the master called last night.  And I obeyed.

We entered the city by night, as usual, through the sewage systems.  The humans knew that we would come, so we sent in The Broken first: those of us too addled or mangled to be a proficient combatant.  They cleared the traps the humans had set.  Mines exploded and tripwires were tripped by The Broken ahead of us, clearing the way.  It is easier to watch a Broken One get blown away than to feast.  But nonetheless, we went, obedient as always.

When we got to the surface in the town, I entered a small quaint home with a few others.  A Broken in front of me took a bullet through the head as a young man pulled out his pistol and began firing.  Using my fallen comrade as a shield, I got close to the man and swung my arm, knocking him against the wall, breaking his back.  He fell to the ground and I stood on his back and ripped his arms out of the sockets.  Lifting one up I began to feed on his flesh.  Dark red blood dripped off my face onto the back of the man’s blonde head, mingling with his tears as it ran down his face.  I only pray his broken back alleviated some of the pain.  After eating his arm, I swiftly killed the man to end his suffering, breaking his neck with the back of my hand.

It is strange that by consuming humans, we become more humanlike ourselves.  After feasting my mind and my consciousness returned.  Also, we are strong.  I haven’t figured out what makes us so vastly superior in strength to our previous forms but our strength is leaps and bounds above the capabilities of the human body.  Perhaps whatever kind of being we are gets stronger by consuming the weak.  Fitting, I suppose:  Survival of the Fittest.

The longer we go without flesh, the greater the Hunger becomes.  It eats away at our minds, at our bodies until we crave, until we desire so strongly human meat that we will tear through anything to get it.  The master uses this and keeps us without food for days on end, until our minds are so crazed and fevered that the first human we come across enrages us in a frenzied bloodlust.  And then our minds return when we feast.

It is that moment of realization that destroys minds.  It is in that moment of looking down at the innocent life you have just ended, that strikes you with insanity.  I nearly snapped last night looking down at that young man, in his thirties, young, with so much life ahead.  I remember looking down and feeling insanity sweep across me.

When I came to, we had already retreated into a cave in the hills.  Our mission had been successful: we had recruited a significant number and consumed that number again, twice over.  Somehow I had procured a diary from one of the houses during the raid.  Some part of my mind must have been working because I grabbed it and took it with me.  So now I write: partly to record my life, but mostly to keep my sanity.  Perhaps I can partially atone for my sins by confessing it down on paper.  But my hopes are slim; my sins weigh heavily on me.

The humans are slowly learning that they should be very, very afraid.  We are led by a tyrant, our fighting strength is impeccable and our resilience demonic.  Their culture has led them to underestimate what we are capable of.  An apocalypse such as this has been joked and talked about so many times, but what do they know.  Nothing.  Poor fools.

The master is a brilliant tactician.  From what I have overheard from some of his officers, he is commanding one of three forces sweeping across the Western United States.  There is a force pushing north toward Canada and another pushing south toward Mexico.  We are conquering the middle and are brutally efficient.

He calls us and our kind Immortals.  It’s a ruse of course; we are not anywhere near immortal.  Sure we are stronger, more resilient than humans and don’t require food, oxygen or water to survive, but getting blown apart to a certain extent or having our heads cut off seems to stop our bodies from functioning.  I still haven’t been able to determine what drives these fascinating bodies of ours.  The master appears to be an advanced species of whatever we are.  He only requires blood as sustenance and seems to indefinitely retain his mental and physical capabilities.  And he has some power over us.

Is he, perhaps, the originator?  Did he create our kind?  I am unsure, but I know that his commands are absolute.  I know that I cannot possibly hope to disobey.

May the living die in peace.  Poor bastards.
