###Clipping from the Rocky Mountain Newspaper

**Nov 1, 2025**

Over three hundred people died in the attack last night on Fort Collins.  This was the first zombie assault in Colorado east of the Rocky Mountains since the horrific event known as “Z-Day” two months prior.

Reports estimate that between two hundred and two hundred and fifty zombies entered from the sewers and began invading homes and killing residents.  Residents were unprepared as the zombies were thought to have been contained west of the Rockies.  In just under two hours, the zombies came, killed and left, leaving only a few of their own dead behind.

This strike devastated Colorado residents. An attack on this side of the mountains was unexpected.  With the majority of U.S. forces overseas at war with China, homeland security has been stretched thin containing the eastward moving armies of the undead.

General Mitchells, an army commander overseeing forces in Denver was quoted this morning, saying, “We will not let these atrocities go unpunished.  Our soldiers here will deal with these monsters swiftly and eliminate the forces on this side of the Rockies.  We will push them back to the west where we can contain them effectively.  These monsters can and will be destroyed.”

There have also been talks of forming a militia to protect citizens in Colorado.  Over the next few days men and women are being called upon to volunteer their services to protect Colorado.  Our state could become a key battleground for the war against the zombie invasion.

We must all band together as Americans to fight this threat.  United we stand.
