###The Dark Diary - Entry 3

**Nov 4, 2025**

When I read my previous entry in this diary, I am both appalled and fascinated.  The degeneration of my mind during the Hunger is frightening but I was still able to write down coherent thoughts, barely.  I do not remember writing my previous entry very well.  What I do remember is reaching for the diary as my mind began to slip and then coming to after the battle was over.

The battle.  Yes, the battle last night was a success.  The humans came to destroy us but failed.  They sent in two strike squads to the cave we had camped at and engaged a small unit of broken ones.  The broken retreated into the cave baiting the majority of the human forces toward the entrance.

A massive explosion took out the cave collapsing it and blowing apart the human forces.  Our snipers then engaged the third strike squad waiting out in the forest.  The massacre was swift and effective.  They never stood a chance.

I killed five last night.  Their eyes were wide with fear as I hacked at them and ripped them apart.  An Immortal with a weapon is a fearful sight.  My blade drank in the blood of the humans as I swept through their ranks.  This cursed blade must stay with me for the master has given it as a gift.  I hate this sword.

The only peace I have in feasting is that I regain my mind.  It is all I have left.  Last night I feasted on three of the humans I killed and my mind today seems sharper than it has been in a long time.  I can almost forget the morbidity of what I am doing when I wipe the blood off my face and sit down to write.  Almost.

I made a friend today, an Immortal I named Bucket for the metal pail he wears on his head.  He seems to have procured it from the raid on the town a few nights back.  It must have saved him a few times for there are three dents in the side of it where bullets have ricocheted off the metal sides.  He’s... not quite all there mentally, but he makes for good one way conversation.  He smiles and laughs when I talk to him, but I’m not sure how much he understands.  Bucket is an amusing fellow and he takes my mind off of the darkness around us.

When I asked him where he got the bucket from, he replied simply: “Ho… Hos…”.  I think he either found it near a house or near a water spigot outside of a house, sometimes it’s hard to tell what he is saying with his one word answers.  Bucket is fairly strong for an Immortal; one of my few memories of last night’s battle is of Bucket grabbing a man in each hand by the neck and throwing them both off of a nearby cliff about thirty feet away.  I was impressed, I’m not sure I have that kind of strength to toss two men like it was nothing.  One man, sure I could probably throw him that far.

My body is slowly beginning to restructure itself as well.  I have noticed my muscles rebuilding and getting stronger as I consume humans.  They stretch against my pale white skin making the skin diaphanous and translucent.  My strength and mobility have increased as well since last night.  What strange and incredible creatures we are.  If only we weren’t bound by our mindless obedience to the overlord, if only we weren’t cursed by the powerful desire to kill and destroy, we could truly be a magnificent race of creatures.  The decay of acumen is slightly troubling, however.  If I could feast every day, perhaps my mind would retain enough clarity to be of some practical use.

I look around now and see much that could be improved here at our camp.  The more intelligent Immortals could be used to make armor to protect our soldiers and improve their fighting ability and prolong their lives.  We could also divide up extra corpses among the best fighters to incentivize becoming the best at turning and killing.  So much could be done to improve the way we do things.  I think of these things and it makes me want to vomit.  How can I even consider improving the deadly scourge that we are upon the land.  How can I even consider being more efficient?  And yet, I am one of them.  I kill, I murder, I feast.

What kind of person was I before I was so irrevocably thrown into this world by my darling wife?  I don’t remember much of her, my memories before the turning are patchy at best, but I do remember putting a bullet through her head as she bit my shoulder.  How tragic.

I wonder if she was cognizant of her actions at the time or if she was simply overwhelmed by the Hunger.  It’s better for her.  She is resting in peace while I live on in sin.  At least I have Bucket here, to keep me company, to keep me somewhat sane.

Ah.  I can hear *Him* now in the back of my head: not a voice, but a pull, like a magnet.  The Master is calling me and so I must go.  Hopefully my sanity stays with me a bit longer for I will have need of it yet, I think.
