###"What to do in case of a Zombie Attack!"
####An article from early 2025 cut from an unknown magazine

*Editors Note: I added this article as it was one of the first media references I could find noting the changes in the undead.*

**What to do in case of a ZOMBIE attack!**

ZOMBIES! They're here, they're deadly and they want your brain!

So what do you do when the dead come a knockin'?  Well bar yer doors and guns be stockin!  The undead are viscious and resilient so we're here to tell you what to do if your neighbor wants to crack your skull open to get to those delicious juicy insides!

*What is a zombie?*

Zombies are humans that have been infected by another zombie.  Any transfer of blood, saliva or bodily fluid, much like a nasty STD will start the turning process.  Zombies are vicious and harder to kill than that annoying cat from down the road.  They can be identified by their pale skin and yellowing eyes.  Don’t rely on eye color however as zombies that are first turned retain their original eye color.  Reports have suggested that as the eyes yellow their strength and agility increase.  This is not yet confirmed, but beware an undead with yellow eyes.  All zombies are dangerous however, and will attack you by biting, clawing or hitting.  Some have also been known to use nearby objects as bludgeons.  Their primary goal is to slow you down enough to eat you.  If they don’t eat you they will turn you.

*What can you do to prepare?*

Keep a gun with you at all times and practice with it.  If you can hit them in the head you are better off.  The head is the weakest part.  Any other location will fail to kill them outright.  A zombie missing legs or arms can still claw its way to you and bite.  Always make sure to put a bullet through the skull of a downed zombie.  It is also very important to keep something near your bed which can be used as a shield.  If they invade your room, you could be trapped.  Also it is recommended to have a mobile emergency supply kit.  If you have to leave your home, you better have a stash of food and water to sustain you until you can get to a nearby shelter or safe house.

*What should you watch for?*

Watch for irregular behavior in neighbors and friends.  Remember once they become a zombie they aren’t your friend!  Do not give your wife a hug if she’s trying to eat your face!  Look for pale skin, yellowing eyes and aggressive behavior.  If they are acting erratically take a double look and put some distance.  We haven’t had much information come in on the turning process but we know it involves the victim dying and their heart stopping in the process.

Stay safe folks and don’t let the zombies catch you with your pants down!
