###Jason Hawk's Journal

**Nov 5, 2025**

Today we began setting up camp at our new headquarters in Windsor, Colorado.  An old gentlemen in the group mentioned a large abandoned plant site and after checking it out with him, decided it was a suitable location for a central base of operations.  The companies that occupied the plant simply packed up and left a few years earlier, leaving many of the storage and utility buildings intact.  The utilities appear to be in working condition still and there is a lot of open land around the site, making it a good location to defend.

We will use the plant site as our central base, training grounds and a refuge for those seeking shelter.  The men and women of the AZF are still new to combat and inexperienced.  Many of them are still coming to grips with the situation.  I must train them to become warriors who can take back our state.  They know nothing of war, yet we must be victorious.  Why has this task fallen to me?  I suppose I have a purpose here, I'm one of the few that has experienced the bloody stench of war.

Damn it all, I came out for a weekend to see a friend and got caught up in this mess.  Jane was pretty mad when I called her to let her know I wasn't coming home anytime soon.  She does understand, but is understandably worried; I can't blame her for that.  She and the kids will have to do without their dad for a while.  At least they're safe, far removed from this hell hole.  I was supposed to be back today in time for Ben's soccer game, I'll have to make that up to him.

What the fuck is even going on here?  I'm in the middle of a fight with some kind of undead creature that we know nothing about.  The news articles I've read have very little information about them.  So much of it is rumor and heresay.  Where did these bastards come from and how did this all start?  How do they move, what powers them?  These questions must be answered if we are to win this war.

Today, once we arrived at the plant site I met with a older man named Jeff Houseman: an retired doctor, who specialized in genetic enhancements and human anatomical research.  He's been out of the field for a few years but has a wealth of knowledge up there in his head.  After hearing his thoughts on our predicament, I assigned him as head researcher and tasked him with setting up a research laboratory.  Discovering how these demons work will give us an edge in combat.

I also spoke briefly with the Denver military leader, General Mitchells.  He's been recalled to the Pentagon and is withdrawing from Colorado.  Some of his men stayed behind and will be arriving here tomorrow as reinforcements.  Due to the events in the forest a few nights back, I fear he won't be rejoining the battle any time soon.  He assured me he would get us whatever reinforcements he could lobby for, but our forces are so spread thin with the war with China and we just aren't the military power we used to be.

So I'm left to lead this ragtag group of civilians.  Thankfully there are a few military trained, but they are indeed few, and spread thin assisting where they can.  Most of the military men and women are from one the reserves or the National Guard.  This wouldn't be an easy task even for an army of trained marines, but I'll have to make do with what I have.  It falls to me to inspire and instill hope.  What good will it do?  I'm not sure.  These men and women will watch their family and friends die in front of them, I simply must make sure they do not break in the process.  War is never easy.

In the mean time I will teach them to focus, to be ruthless, to kill.  Hopefully they can survive long enough to be an effective battle unit.  Hopefully Dr. Houseman can provide us some answers from his research.  Hopefully... we don't all die.