###The Dark Diary - Entry 5

**Nov 6, 2025**

Today I met the dreadful bastards: my squad.  What a varied mix of monsters they are, ranging from the large and slow of wit, to the slender and keen of mind, they're more diverse than I anticipated.  Out of the ten murdering machines, three of them fall into Bucket's category: large, excessively strong, brutal and simple.  The other seven are quiet, with darting eyes and appear to have a sharper wit.  Perhaps they retain a shred of their humanity as I do.  They reject their past, but it must be drawn out of them, for we have no choice.  If we are to be effective killing machines we must embrace who we are.  I look eagerly toward moulding this rabble into the weapons of death they will become.  What a terrible, terrible excitement it is!

"Attention!" I yelled to them as I reached the group this morning.  Bucket stood straight up, back creaking as he stretched upward, and saluted me with a large lipless smile, his teeth and gums grimacing in the morning sun.  The rest seemed confused and shuffled back and forth nervously.

"I SAID ATTENTION!" I yelled at them, with a ferocity I did not know I was capable of producing, "That means stand straight and look me in eyes!"  I grabbed the two behemoths near Bucket and forced their shoulders back, making them stand straight as an example.

"Attention." I repeated to the larger of the two, looking him in the eye, repeating it carefully as to a pet.  The message seemed to resonate among the group and they began to stand a little taller.  Slowly the rest began to skeptically follow suit, standing tall and straightening their backs, looking up at me.

"You will all be assigned new names." I said to them, their eyes cautiously scanning me.  "No longer are you human, you must let go of that past.  You are something new.  Something powerful.  A new species on this earth to conquer and become king.  Therefore we begin anew."  I walked to the start of the line, where the larger in the group stood with Bucket.

"You are of course, Bucket.  Good work with your salute."  I could see Bucket had trouble containing his excitement.  He's a simple, kind soul.  I walked to the next in line, a massive bull of an Immortal, who dwarfed Bucket.  Each of his arms was a tree and he had the chest of a bull.

"You. Bulk." He looked at me blankly.  "You." I pointed to his chest.  "Bulk.  Do you understand?"  It seemed to slowly sink in as he nodded slowly.  The next was lanky with long arms drooping to the ground and a hunched back.  He was taller than Bulk, but had a perpetual slouch, even when trying to stand straight.  His left eye was barely attached, hanging from it's socket, and his right eye swiveled about uncontrollably scanning everything around him.  "Eyes." I pointed.  He nodded.

"You three," I motioned to the three giants, "will be our front line.  You will be the face of the squad and the first to rattle the front lines.  I want each of you to train in a shield and a weapon of your choice.  Bucket will lead you.  You will train daily in combat and stay ready at all times to fight.  You will NOT kill each other, and you will not attack anyone else.  This is absolute.  I will provision rations for you to keep your energy."

I turned to the next two in line, who looked at me with sharp knowing glares.  "What weapons can you two use?" I asked them.  They stared to the side ignoring my question.  "I know you understand.  If we are to survive I need all of you," I swept my hands out motioning to the ten, "to obey me without question and to use all of your abilities to the utmost."  I stared the two dissidents down.  "Do you want to die?  Or do you want to be the greatest champions for the master that have ever fought?"  They seemed stricken by these words, probably because no one had ever talked to them, let alone accused them of being weak.

"I..." the left one started, testing his voice carefully, "can use a rifle."  The other one nodded in agreement to indicate he could as well. I nodded in return.

"You two will be our long range support.  I will try to procure rifles for each of you from the Armory.  Your task will be to pick of enemies trying to flank us as well as enemy gunman."  They both nodded.  The silent of the two picked at an infected scab, and a large chunk of flesh fell off his arm, hitting the ground with a splat.  I will have to make sure we get enough rations to stay in top condition.

The other five I instructed were short range support, using pistols, small shields and shorter weapons to flank and take out high priority targets.  After ensuring they all understood, I dismissed them to go to the training grounds while I procured weapons for them.  As I had suspected, the Master anticipated my plans and I was granted full access to the Armory.  I picked up some crudely made armor sets for The Brutes as well as some large pieces of metal to serve as shields.  In addition there were available pistols, rifles and some light gear for the rest of the crew.  After a few hours I had enough gear to properly outfit my regiment.

I met the group at the training grounds and helped outfit each of them.  Bulk, Eyes and Bucket all put on their armor with my help, as I explained how I wanted them to train with it.  Earlier in the day I had trained Bucket on the basics of swordplay, and with his help I was able to convey how they were to train with the arms and the three left for a small clearing to practice beating each other and get comfortable in their new raiment.

The Snipers got set up with their rifles and I prepared a rudimentary training ground with some targets set up against some trees.  Snipe, had impeccible accuracy with his rifle.  Every shot was within an inch of the bullseye from various distances and angles.  Blaster, though not quite as accurate, was quick with his eyes and was still a good shot.  I have a feeling these two will be critical to my squads success.

Lastly, the Calvary were given the pistols and some light armor I had gathered, as well as small sharp objects to be thrown as projectiles, similar to a throwing knife or shuriken.  Although we do not have mounts of any kind, the Cavalry are named thus for their incredible mobility.  Nearly all of them have long arms and legs and are exceptional runners and climbers.  The Master must have specially selected these warriors for my team.  Bones is a lanky immortal with long skinny arms and skin that clings to his ribs.  He can run and climb trees with exceptional ease.  His thin body belies his strength.  Scare has a permanently sunken in face with the flesh around his eyes rotted away.  Though disturbing, he is the smallest in the group and is exceptionally gifted at hiding and subterfuge.  OneShot has only one arm, but with that arm can hit a moving target at a dead sprint with his pistol from fifty yards away.  Talker doesn't have a tongue, but seems to be exceptionally keen, and is very accurate with "throwing knives" and other metal projectile weapons.  Jumper is the tallest of the group with incredibly powerful legs.  He can jump the highest and run the fastest in the group.  I doubt there is an animal in existence that can jump as high: a 12 foot vertical is rather impressive.  These five make up the Cavalry, and they will be the shadow of death to the poor, poor humans.

The training and new names seems to have loosened up the squad.  They must forget what they were, as I must, and focus on what they are.  I have requested rations for my squad but the Servants have not replied.  If they do not have the resources, we will procure our own.  Tomorrow and each day thereafter we will train to become a cohesive unit.  I look forward to seeing what they are capable of on the battlefield.

Tonight I will think of strategies for our squad and how to use their talents effectively.  Though I have learned much about them today, we must bond together and become the best.  It is our only recourse.

Leading these... monsters, is fulfilling in some way.  My mind is clearer and at ease.  Slowly I am accepting who I am, for what other option is there?  These are depressing thoughts, but I can only be what I am.  And I can only do it with all of my ability.